Document Structured Logging Enhancement (#21202)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/system-metrics.md

---

> title: Metrics For The Kubernetes System Components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Metrics For Kubernetes System Components
```

Remember to configure a redirect from the old to the new URL.

weight: 60
aliases:
- controller-metrics.md

> - monitoring.md

Reviewer: Use two Netlify redirects here, rather than Hugo aliases.

Reviewer 2: 👍

Reviewer 2: See the `static/_redirects` file.

Author: Added, not sure if it's correct.

Reviewer 2: How about removing the alias, `controller-metrics.md`? Just add another line to the _redirect file.
I looked quickly; the system-metrics entry looks OK.

Author: Fixed

---

<!-- overview -->

System component metrics can give a better look into what is happening inside them. Metrics are particularly useful for building dashboards and alerts.

> Metrics in Kubernetes components are emitted in [prometheus format](https://prometheus.io/docs/instrumenting/exposition_formats/) and are human readable.

Reviewer: nit: you could reword this to (eg)
```suggestion
Kubernetes components emit metrics in [prometheus format](https://prometheus.io/docs/instrumenting/exposition_formats/). This format is structured plain text, designed so that people and machines can
both read it.
```

weight: 60
aliases:
- controller-metrics.md
- monitoring.md
---

<!-- overview -->

System component metrics can give a better look into what is happening inside them. Metrics are particularly useful for building dashboards and alerts.

> Kubernetes components emit metrics in [prometheus format](https://prometheus.io/docs/instrumenting/exposition_formats/). This format is structured plain text, designed so that people and machines can

Reviewer 2: nit: Prometheus format?
nit: start new line at `This format ...`

If your cluster uses {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="rbac" text="RBAC" >}}, reading metrics requires authorization via a user, group or ServiceAccount with a ClusterRole that allows accessing `/metrics`.
For example:

> ```

Reviewer 3: call out the code syntax? I mean "```yaml".
